So to begin with, I have written down a vector equation. So here we have some scalar variables, x1 x2, x3.
Each one of them is multiplied by vector, and we add them together.
Then we have this set equal to another vector.
So to make sense in this in another way, we can use our usual vector operations so we can multiply our scalars into our vectors.
And we write this as. Say one x1, three x1.
Negative four x1 for the first one. And similarly for the other two.
And of course, that will still be equal to negative one, negative two, zero.
And now we can apply vector addition. So we just add up each component.
So on top we get x1, two x2 plus three x3.
Second part we get three x1; that's four x3.
And in the bottom part, we have negative four x1 plus seven x2 minus five x3.
And we're still equal to negative one, negative two, zero.
Now, two vectors are going to be equal exactly when all of their components are equal.
So what this tells us is that those first two components better be equal.
In other words, x1 plus two x2 plus three x3 has to equal negative one for these two vectors to be equal.
And also, we have to have three x1 plus four x3 equal to negative two.
And we need to add negative four x1 seven x2 to minus five x3.
That needs to be equal to zero. So our single vector equality turned into this system of three scalar equations.
Now, the last piece of this is that we typically write these in the same way.
Just by using the layout on the page to tell us what each thing is, so you notice I've lined up all the x1's here.
And kind of crookedly, tried to light up all the x2's and then our x3's as well over here.
So we just know that the first column goes with the x1's we get this in augmented matrix form.
So the first column represents the next one second column represents the x2's.
I don't have an x2 in the middle row. So I have a zero there, and a seven.
For the x3's, we have three, four, negative five. And then to the right of the augmented bar, we have the terms that did not have any variables.
So what we end up with here is we started off with the vector equation.
We've also written this as a system. Equations or a system of scalar equations.
We've also written this as an augmented matrix.
And depending on our context, it's going to be useful to be able to use all three of these different representations of the same thing.